.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\" 
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.TH "AUTH2DB" "SECTION" "May 13, 2007" "Ezequiel Vera" ""
.SH "NAME"
auth2db \- parse auth.log file
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B auth2db
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.br 
.B bar
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.B auth2db
and
.B bar
commands.
.PP 
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBauth2db\fP auth2db parse auth.log file like /var/log/auth.log and insert in a MySql DB. You can control ssh, smb, login, su, gdm Auth Method, Accepted/Failure, Opened/Closed sessions.

You can see in the shell or in the web frontend, the date, hour, ip machine, type method (ssh, smb, login, su, gdm), username.
.SH "OPTIONS"
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`\-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP 
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP 
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP 
.B \-\-debug
Select one Auth Method.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bar (1),
.BR baz (1).
.br 
The programs are documented fully by
.I R "The Rise and Fall of a Fooish Bar" ,
available via the Info system.
.SH "AUTHOR"
auth2db was written by <upstream author>.
.PP 
This manual page was written by Ezequiel Vera <contacto@ezequielvera.com.ar>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
